https://www.coursera.org/courseraplus
https://www.coursera.org/courseraplus
2026-10-01T20:04:05.956Z

For Individuals
For Businesses
For Universities
For Governments
Explore
Degrees
​
Log In
Join for Free

Start in minutes today.

Build skills this week.

With Coursera Plus, you set the pace—from quick sessions to career-changing certificates. $59/month, cancel anytime
Start 7-day free trial
or $399/year with 14-day money-back guarantee
Learn from 350+ leading universities and companies
Google
Duke University
IBM
Vanderbilt University
Microsoft
University of Michigan
Meta
Stanford
Adobe
Gain the skills employers want

Join the 91% of learners who achieved a positive career outcome, like new job opportunities, increased knowledge, and improved performance at work.¹

Start 7-day free trial
Data
Business
Sales & Marketing
IT
Software Engineering
AI

IBM

IBM Data Science
4.6 stars, 151K reviews, Beginner, Professional Certificate

★ 4.6 (151K) · Beginner · Professional Certificate

Status: Top AI program
Top AI program
Status: Free trial
Free trial

Vanderbilt University

Prompt Engineering
4.8 stars, 9.5K reviews, Beginner, Specialization

★ 4.8 (9.5K) · Beginner · Specialization

Status: Top AI program
Top AI program
Status: Free trial
Free trial

Google

Google Data Analytics
4.8 stars, 182K reviews, Beginner, Professional Certificate

★ 4.8 (182K) · Beginner · Professional Certificate

Status: Free trial
Free trial
Category: Build toward a degree
Build toward a degree
Show 6 more
Turn your learning into proof

Earn credentials and certificates you can add to your resume and LinkedIn that reflect the skills you practiced, the tools you learned, and the work you created.

Know where to start — make progress in minutes a day

Whether you're a beginner or building on experience, follow structured paths with clear next steps so that you can make real progress, even in short sessions.

Go from your first lesson to portfolio-ready work

Learn by doing. Build projects with the same tools industry professionals use—and show what you learned to employers.

Is Coursera Plus worth it? Hear from subscribers
Abigail P.
"I have a full-time job and 3 kids. I needed the flexibility offered by Coursera Plus in order to achieve my goals. My Coursera Plus subscription motivated me to keep learning."
Shi Jie F.
"Coursera Plus keeps me motivated to learn. With each course, I’m getting more value out of my subscription. I can access almost anything with Coursera Plus!"
Inés K.
"I really appreciate the flexibility I get with Coursera Plus. I can try any course and switch to another one for no additional cost. This motivates me to learn even more!"
Find the right plan for your goals
Individual Courses & Programs

Learn a single topic or skill and earn a credential

$49–$79/month

Visit a course to purchase

Explore courses

Key features:

Choose from thousands of courses in AI, business, technology, and more
Earn a certificate upon completion
Pay once for a single course or subscribe to a bundled Specialization
Best value
Coursera Plus

Master multiple topics or skills and earn unlimited credentials

Select billing cycle
Billed Monthly
Billed Annually
Status: Save 40%
Save 40%
$59/month

Cancel anytime

Start 7-day free trial

Key features:

Access thousands of courses in AI, business, technology, and more with one subscription
Earn unlimited certificates after your trial ends
Learn job relevant skills and tools with hands-on labs and projects from industry experts
Coursera for Teams

Upskill up to 125 employees

$399/year

Per user for 12 months

Get started

Key features:

Access to everything included in Coursera Plus
Analytics and custom benchmark reporting
AI powered program builder
Flexible payment options like quarterly billing and invoicing
Time's on your side. Start turning minutes into milestones.
In just seven days, you can move from short lessons to real skills. Ready to make today count?
Start 7-day free trial
Frequently asked questions
Can I try Coursera Plus first, to make sure it's right for me?
What is included in Coursera Plus?
Will I save money with Coursera Plus?
Show all 8 frequently asked questions

1 - Source: 2025 Learner Outcomes Report

Start in minutes today.

Build skills this week.

$59/month, cancel anytime
Start 7-day free trial

Coursera Footer

Skills
Professional Certificates
Courses & Specializations
Career Resources
Coursera
Community
More
© 2026 Coursera Inc. All rights reserved.